come near you nations to hear and heed
you people let the earth hear and all
that is in it
the world and all things that come forth
from it for the indignation of the Lord
is against all nations and his fury
against all their armies he has utterly
destroyed them he has given them over to
the slaughter
also their slain shall be thrown out
their stench shall rise from their
corpses and the mountains shall be
melted with their blood all the hosts of
heaven shall be dissolved and the
heavens shall be rolled up like a scroll
all their hosts shall fall down as the
leaf falls from the vine and as fruit
falling from a fig tree for my sword
shall be bathed in heaven indeed it
shall come down on Edom and on the
people of my curse for judgment the
sword of the Lord is filled with blood
it is made overflowing with fatness with
the blood of lambs and goats with the
fat of the kidneys of rams for the Lord
has a sacrifice in Basra and a great
slaughter in the land of Edom
the wild oxen shall come down with them
and the young bulls with the mighty
bulls their land shall be soaked with
blood and their dust saturated with
fatness for it is the day of the Lord's
vengeance the year of recompense for the
cause of Zion its streams shall be
turned into pitch and its dust into
brimstone its land shall become burning
pitch it shall not be quenched night or
day its smoke shall ascend forever from
generation to generation it shall live
waste
no one shall pass through it forever and
ever
but the Pelican and the porcupine shall
possess it also the owl and the Raven
shall dwell in it and he shall stretch
out over it the line of confusion and
the stones of emptiness they shall call
its nobles to the kingdom but none shall
be there and all its princes shall be
nothing and thorns shall come up in its
palaces nettles and brambles in its
fortresses it shall be a habitation of
jackals a courtyard for ostriches the
wild beasts of the desert shall also
meet with the Jackals and the wild goat
shall bleat - its companion also the
night creature shall rest there and find
for herself a place of rest there the
arrow snake shall make her nest and lay
eggs and hatch and gather them under her
shadow there also shall the Hawks be
gathered every one with her mate search
from the Book of the Lord and read not
one of these shall fail not one shall
lack her mate for my mouth has commanded
it and his spirit has gathered them he
has cast the lot for them and his hand
has divided it among them with a
measuring line they shall possess it for
ever from generation to generation they
shall dwell in it